README.md, before:

# Minecraft_PokeWorld
Repository to store a Minecraft map and resource pack for PokeWorld recreation. Anyone is free to download and use it however they wish, but a reference back to me would be cool, and don't try to use it to sell anything.

## Installation

[Download the latest `Minecraft_PokeWorld_vX.X.X` zip folder](https://github.com/draav/Minecraft_PokeWorld/releases/latest) then copy it to your saves folder and unzip it. There are more detailed instructions on where to to find your saves folder available [on the wiki](https://minecraft.gamepedia.com/Tutorials/Map_downloads#Importing_into_Minecraft). You should see a file structure something like:

* `.minecraft`
  * `saves`
    * `Minecraft_Pokeworld_vX.X.X`
      * `advancements`
      * `data`
      * `DIM1`
      * `...`

This project is currently developed for Minecraft version 1.13+. A legacy Minecraft 1.12 version is [available here](https://github.com/draav/Minecraft_PokeWorld/releases/tag/v1.7.0-beta), but it doesn't have any world or texture updates beyond what is listed in that release.

## Warnings

The world looks best (to me) when your light level is set to `moody`, or a little higher.

You will need to be in creative mode right now to fully explore the map. I haven't added all the teleporters in yet. So many areas will be blocked off or not navigatable. 

If you ignore that previous warning and are in adventure mode: If you get stuck outside the barrier blocks surrounding the towns, there isn't really a way back in, so you'll have to fly or tp back. Also let me know how you even did that, so I can fix it.

## Tools and references

- [Texture Artists Union](https://www.minecraftforum.net/forums/mapping-and-modding-java-edition/resource-packs/resource-pack-discussion)
- [Minecraft Commands Community](https://www.reddit.com/r/MinecraftCommands/)
- [The wiki](https://minecraft.gamepedia.com/Minecraft)
- [Minecraft Assets](https://mcasset.cloud/1.14.4/)
---

If you are super interested for some reason, you can check what I am working on [in this Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/QoZHmXz3/minecraft-kanto). Feel free to let me know of any bugs you encounter or features you want to request by opening an issue in Github.

Commit message:

update readme with credits and 1.16 news

README.md, after:

# Minecraft_PokeWorld
Repository to store a Minecraft map and resource pack for PokeWorld recreation. Anyone is free to download and use it however they wish, but a reference back to here would be cool, and don't try to use it to sell anything.

## Installation

[Download the latest `Minecraft_PokeWorld_vX.X.X` zip folder](https://github.com/draav/Minecraft_PokeWorld/releases/latest) then copy it to your saves folder and unzip it. There are more detailed instructions on where to to find your saves folder available [on the wiki](https://minecraft.gamepedia.com/Tutorials/Map_downloads#Importing_into_Minecraft). You should see a file structure something like:

* `.minecraft`
  * `saves`
    * `Minecraft_Pokeworld_vX.X.X`
      * `advancements`
      * `data`
      * `DIM1`
      * `...`

This project is currently developed for Minecraft version 1.16+.

## Warnings

The world looks best (to me) when your light level is set to `moody`, or a little higher.

You will need to be in creative mode right now to fully explore the map. I haven't added most of the teleporters or interiors yet. So many areas will be blocked off or not navigatable. 

## Tools and references

- [Texture Artists Union](https://www.minecraftforum.net/forums/mapping-and-modding-java-edition/resource-packs/resource-pack-discussion): Lots and lots of questions here about model formats and finding weird hacks to enable this weird project.
- [Minecraft Commands Community](https://www.reddit.com/r/MinecraftCommands/): Learning that datapacks exist and I didn't need command blocks anymore was great, but would not have been possible without me pestering people on this discord channel about how to set it up.
- [The wiki](https://minecraft.gamepedia.com/Minecraft): it's the wiki.
- [Minecraft Assets](https://mcasset.cloud/1.14.4/): I used this before I knew I could just unzip the game jar from my versions folder
- [The Spriters Resource](https://www.spriters-resource.com/) To get the tilesheets I used to map everything out. Far easier than ripping the tilesheet from a ROM.
- [Blockbench](https://blockbench.net/): a really intuive model editor.
- [MrCrayfish's Model Editor](https://mrcrayfish.com/tools?id=mc): What I used before Blockbench.
- [Paint.net](https://www.getpaint.net/): It let me do everything I'd want to do with GIMP or Photoshop but it's 10x easier.
- [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/): The only text editor I like anymore.
- [Audicity](https://www.audacityteam.org/): the only option for audio editing to be honest.


## Where to find me

You can check what I am working on [in this Trello Board](https://trello.com/b/QoZHmXz3/minecraft-kanto). Let me know of any bugs you encounter or features you want to request by opening an issue in Github. 

I stream building the map and creating the resource pack on twitch: https://www.twitch.tv/nuumdraav. The videos sometimes get edited and uploaded to youtube: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCt5wR4Iko4RJWu3UtYEvDlQ
